CHANGE: Remove Tanks demo. (#1225)
Unity-Technologies/InputSystem: Packages/com.unity.inputsystem/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- The `submit` and the `cancel` actions of the UI input module now trigger on __release__ instead of press. This makes the behavior consistent with clicks triggering UI response on release rather than press.

> - We removed the old "Tanks" demo (previously available from the samples shipped with the package).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the old "Tanks" demo (previously available from the samples shipped with the package).
```

(per Style Guide, we don't say "we").

Author: Pushed

>   * We now have a much better demo in the form of the [Warriors demo](https://github.com/UnityTechnologies/InputSystem_Warriors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a new and improved demo project, which you can download from the [InputSystem_Warriors](https://github.com/UnityTechnologies/InputSystem_Warriors) GitHub repository.
```

Author: Pushed
